https://www.mssqltips.com/sqlservertip/6012/study-material-for-exam-az203-developing-solutions-for-microsoft-azure/

1.Azure Table storage is a service that stores structured NoSQL data 
  in the cloud, providing a key/attribute store with a schemaless design.
2.Because Table storage is schemaless, it's easy to adapt your data as 
  the needs of your application evolve.
3.Access to Table storage data is fast and cost-effective for many types 
  of applications, and is typically lower in cost than traditional SQL for similar volumes of data.

What is Table storage
	1.Azure Table storage stores large amounts of structured data. 
	2.Azure tables are ideal for storing structured, non-relational data.
	Common uses of Table storage include
		a.Storing TBs of structured data capable of serving web scale applications
		b.Storing datasets that don't require complex joins, foreign keys, 
		  or stored procedures and can be denormalized for fast access
		c.Quickly querying data using a clustered index
		d.Accessing data using the OData protocol and LINQ queries 
		  with WCF Data Service .NET Libraries
Table storage concepts
	storage account
	Table
	Entity
Table
	1.A table is a collection of entities
	2.Tables don't enforce a schema on entities, 
	  which means a single table can contain entities 
	  that have different sets of properties	
Entity
	1.An entity is a set of properties, similar to a database row
	2.An entity in Azure Storage can be up to 1MB in size.
	3.An entity in Azure Cosmos DB can be up to 2MB in size.

Properties
	1.A property is a name-value pair
	2.Each entity can include up to 252 properties to store data
	3.Each entity also has three system properties that specify 
	  a partition key, a row key, and a timestamp.
az storage table policy
	az storage table policy create
		Create a stored access policy on the containing object
	az storage table policy delete
		Delete a stored access policy on a containing object
	az storage table policy list
		List stored access policies on a containing object
	az storage table policy show
		Show a stored access policy on a containing object.
	az storage table policy update
		Set a stored access policy on a containing object.
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/storage/table?view=azure-cli-latest

When to use Azure tables
	1.These are some typical use case scenarios for using Azure tables.
	2.Azure tables are optimized for capacity and performance (scale)
Azure Tables:When Appropriate
	1.SQL Database is limited currently to 150 GB without federation
	2.Federation can be used to increase the size beyond 150 GB.
	3.You can think of Azure tables as nothing more than a collection of objects
https://www.troyhunt.com/working-with-154-million-records-on/


